Yo Ye Fanxin
Why do you still have the face to come to Ye Jiaer to pick it?
Yo also brought a wild man
Are you going to be a stepfather to this little bastard?
What are you talking about?
I am Longjing Tian
Long Yueyue's biological father
What Longjing Tian?
You are more starry at night
The wild man who gave birth five years ago
cousin-in-law
Grandma asked us to come today.
You go stop
Whoever lets you go, you go
Speak well
Don't fight back?
Longjingtian, you wild dog
Go to the master's territory and dare to act wildly
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Bad guy bad guy
You hit my dad
You bitch, I'll kill you
Dare to hit my daughter
Don't want to live anymore